edits (#391)
amperity/amperity-docs: amperity_datagrid/source/configure_stitch.rst

.. configure-stitch-advanced-profile-supersized-clusters-example-start

> A graph partition, sometimes referred to as a "supersized cluster", is created when multiple transitive connections are present across a group of records. For example, individuals named Mary Johnson and Jeffrey Johnson with the following records:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A supersized cluster typically results from transitive connections spanning what should be unrelated records. For example, individuals named Mary Johnson and Jeffrey Johnson with the following records:
```

.. configure-stitch-advanced-profile-supersized-clusters-start

> A graph partition exists when a cluster has 64 (or more) connections. This value is configurable and may be higher or lower than 64. To change the value at which a graph partition exists, update the following advanced configuration setting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amperity defines a supersized cluster as any cluster with 500 (or more) connections. Stitch will partition these supersized clusters into separate graph partitions. To change this threshold to a higher or lower value, update the following advanced configuration setting:
```
